# CM1705-A2-STaylor
Public repository for assessment component 2 of CM1705

Anyone who has worked in a technical discipline will tell you that good documentation is important. The manufacture of aircraft for example, requires not only the tracking of thousands of components and sub-assemblies, but any revisions to their initial design that may affect subsequent models. This becomes even more important, and difficult, when you have many engineers trying to work simultaneously on the same elements. As the field of software development grew in scope and complexity during its early days, it met many of the same challenges.
The first software version control systems were designed to check text files of code in and out as if they were technical drawings. Over time, concepts like delta tracking and distributed storage were added, until we ended up with tools like ‘Git’ which has become an industry standard. Version control has grown to become a core concept in software development methodology.
The core benefits to software developers are clear. These tools allow for the accurate tracking of intricate, multi-faceted software constructs. Not only is the core code stored, but any number of variations to that core code can be maintained separately, along with the history of their changes. While these tools are important for initial development, they are also key to debugging and updating the code at later points. We now live in a world of modular ERP systems and live service video games, what piece of software is ever truly finished?
From the point of view of an individual developer, a web-based version control system like GitHub would provide many benefits. You may be a consultant who must juggle working on multiple pieces of code for several clients at the same time. Having online repositories allows you to keep your work streams separate and accessible while at client sites. More importantly, you will be able to detail exactly what changes have been made to each client’s software since their last update and start developing down a secondary branch if their requirements suddenly change or their request a quick proof-of-concept for a new feature.
